KAIST was established in 1971 to model a research focused university and to foster elite human resources in science and technology needed by the nation. Currently, KAIST has successfully become a well-respected member of the worldwide science community. In the future, KAIST must become a university in which the world lays its eye upon, by discovering the best leaders, offering the best education, and becoming the envy of the academic world, not only within Korea but all over the world through the university’s first invention. Honorable Guests, Chairman Myung Oh; Trustees Gil-Saeng Chung and Sam-Soo Pyo; Former Presidents Soon-Dal Choi and Chang-Sun Hong; former member of the National Assembly, Mr. Yong-Kyung Lee; Chairman Dae-Im Kang of the Association of the Heads of S&T Organizations and its member presidents - President Young-Myung Choi of Korea Institute of Nuclear Nonproliferation and Control, President Young-Joon Kim of Gwangju Institute of Science and Technology; and Ms. Soo-Young Lee, the Chairperson of KAIST Development Foundation, who does not spare her energy in working for KAIST alongside Mr. Eung-Sun Lee, the Vice Chair of the Foundation, Vice President Hang-Ku Chung of KAIST School Supporting Association, President Kwi-Roh Lee of the National Nano Fabrication Center, President Doo-Chul Kim of Korea Institute of Advanced Sciences, Professor Jang-Hyuk Kwon, the principal of Korea Science Academy, distinguished faculty and staff, the class of 2017, returning students, alumni, parents, my relatives and friends, and lastly my wife Myoung A (Mia) Kang, I most sincerely thank you for being here for the beginning of the 15th KAIST presidency. For me to be standing here today is uniquely meaningful and brings up many memories from the past. Exactly fifty years ago, in January of 1963, I was in military training as a new enlistee of the 111th class (111 kih) of the Korean Air Force here in Yuseong. I spent two months there for basic military training, and 9 months for technical training in electronic communications equipment service. The month of January was severely cold with a temperature of -20 degrees Celsius – it was so cold in fact that the Incheon bay was frozen. In November I was then transferred to the Air Force base in Kangneung, Kangwon-Do. I recall that as I was waiting in Osan for an airplane to Kangneung, I heard the sad news that President John F. Kennedy was shot to death in Dallas, Texas, which was quite shocking.